Services:
UI/UX DESIGN
UI/UX involves planning and iterating a site's structure and layout. 
Once the proper information architecture is in place, I design the visual 
layer to create a beautiful user experience.

FRONT END DEVELOPMENT
Front End Development is building out the visual components of a website. 
Using HTML, CSS , and Javascript, I build fast, interactive websites. 
This also may include a CMS, API's or other integrations.

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
The work that I am most interested in is 0-1 work (helping you get your 
idea into the world). A recent example of this is Omelo a proof of concept 
that I built end to end (UI, back end business logic etc).

ABOUT: 
Hi, I’m Kundan. I’m a multi-talented human with expertise in a wide range of design disciplines.

You can also call me a product designer, interaction, UI, UX, or by any other market-defined 
function-title. I like to style & develop web and desktop applications. I prefer to continue 
learning, continue challenging myself and do interesting things that matter. I’m a quick learner, 
ready to acquire new skills, and juggle different projects and roles with relative ease.

“There’s nothing — I enjoy quite designing and developing good websites for nice people. It really 
is that simple. I’ve spent years trying to perfect what I do and while I’ll never be perfect, I do 
my best to come close.”
If you’ve got a project you’d like to work on with me just get in-tuned and that we can get to work!

SERVICES:
1. Strategy & Direction
Defining the problem, identifying the scope, and eventually, organizing
the design roadmap to bring out 100% of each project.

2. UI/UX Design
Website, application, and another design-related tasks. I really like tackling 
digital problems and help to fix them.

3. Product Development
The work that I am most interested in is 0-1 work, helping you get your idea into the world.

QnA:
1. What is your work discipline?
Every project involves planning, structure, and a layout. Once the proper information 
architecture is in place, I design the visual layer to make an attractive user experience. 
A recent example of this is often SoftdocMusic a symbol of concept that I built end to end 
(UI, back-end business logic, etc).

2. Do you work on more than one project?
Yes, but I do schedule the days, and hours for each project and provides those 
hours and days to the people I work with.

3. How much cost your hourly rate?